Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
Well, I haven't been with you since the opening ceremonies.
I did the video on Thursday and I've taken some time to pray and seek the Lord.
Everything the Lord showed us concerning the opening ceremony was very dark.
He said it would be conjuring up old Hitler spirits and old demonic ties.
I saw the green finger.
Does anybody remember that?
I saw the green finger on Thursday and it tapped the tablet three times.
I don't remember if I told you all this publicly or not.
It was pointing to demonic writing on onyx black tablets.
I believe it was conjuring.
If I don't say the right English word, folks, I'm sorry.
I try really hard to use bigger words, but I'm not really educated when it comes to stuff like that.
I have to ask Diana what some things even mean.
But I'm going to tell you when I say 'summoning,' they're summoning the old demonic spirits.
I'm saying they're trying to rebirth it—rebirth the Hitler spirit that was on the nations that brought forth World War II through sacrifice of humans and all these other things.
I saw it in the spirit and the Lord showed it to me.
So I'm just trying to relay to you that they're conjuring up whatever word you want to use.
I saw them doing satanic practices, bringing forth old spells and old things through ancient tablets in Europe—things that they have found that are old demonic ties.
And the Lord said, 'Watch the Olympics opening ceremony.
' I have heard Rick Renner preach about that arch.
Does anybody have it?
Comment down below if you have ever heard Rick Renner's sermon concerning the arch and what he said it represented concerning Hitler and the Holocaust and things like that.
I don't want to misquote a man of God like that who is that educated.
He is so astute, a very educated man about the Greek.
I remember I even talked to Pastor Candace and other people that I've known.
I've asked, 'Do you remember anybody teaching this?
' because I thought it was Sister Billye Brim, because she teaches a lot of eschatology, end-time teachings and things like that, or it was Hilton Sutton or one of them.
I was thinking no, it was Rick Renner, and I reached out through his thing trying to find the sermon.
I can't find it.
So if you know where that sermon is and it talks about the arch, the arch is where they did the satanic practice.
They put that ball there and said, 'Oh, it didn't mean anything.
' They're not going to come out and say, 'This is devil worship' on the screen, folks.
They're coming out as subtle as they can.
But you can't be too subtle if you have any kind of spiritual discernment at all.
Anybody who has eyes to see is going to see what that was.
And that was dark.
You could feel the occult all around it.
Like I said, if you didn't feel it, then I would check your wood because it's probably very wet.
It was very dark.
You could see the fire and all the stuff and that was some kind of ceremony regardless of what they say.
Don't fool yourself.
They lit it on fire.
The pentagram shooting and doing all that—if you freeze-frame it, you could see the pentagram of the devil symbol right in that ball as it was going up.
But where were they doing it?
In that arch that had to do with the Holocaust and the things to do with what Rick Renner taught about years ago concerning the Jews and the Jewish culture.
It's not a coincidence they picked that monument with the arch.
That's not normal.
Why did they pick that?
It was closest to Rome, closest to these places where we see this demonic display coming before the people as a summoning to the demonic.
Now, I know I use words that are probably not in the English vocabulary, but it's a conjuring up, a summoning of demonic spirits to bring forth World War II.
We saw President Trump have an emergency meeting with Bibi in Israel right at the White House this week.
Major things, escalation of things concerning Iran.
I believe we're on the verge of something major taking place with Iran—the Valley of Decision, all that's coming to a head.
If this kicks off into a major world war with Iran and other nations like Syria, the surprise attack...
I went into heavy intercession praying for Israel in a surprise attack in the middle of the night.
We keep seeing the surprise attack in the middle of the night.
What is this?
What are these major false flag events?
And you say, 'Brandon, what is that?
' I told you I saw the Illuminati.
I've told you I've seen dark men and women trying to distract from the Epstein list.
Another thing I thought was interesting: Diana got this email from somebody who said, 'Did you see that the Epstein list got hacked into?
' I said, 'Was it anonymous?
' They found Pam Bondi leaked the codes on accident—supposedly put the codes out to Epstein's list, his Apple account, and all his stuff.
They redacted it or whatever, but they were saying it got leaked, his passcodes.
So somebody got in and was able to look through things in depth that weren't redacted.
I thought, 'Is this anonymous?
Is this part of what the Lord showed us, that greater embarrassing moments concerning politicians would come out in the days ahead?
' Things that wouldn't be blacked out to expose the darkness, but a ransom of over $40 million.
There were things that I saw.
And the Lord said to me, 'This is just the beginning.
The three million emails that were leaked is just the beginning.
' I truly believe we're going to see more of that in the days ahead—more things exposed concerning California and the corruption there, concerning Oregon and Washington across this nation going into the midterms.
We have what, nine months left until the midterms?
Maybe ten?
We're coming down to the countdown of nine months left until the midterms are here.
It's coming quick, and it's amazing to me how time flies.
We're already almost halfway through February.
Another thing I thought was interesting about the opening ceremony is the Lord kept talking about portals.
The little thing that was on the ground they kept focusing on looked like a portal.
Then when the countries walked through it, it looked like a portal.
This was the same thing I told you—focus on what was going on with CERN portals.
I said this is like Stargate.
Stargate exists; there's some kind of portal they're tampering with that will be for demonic purposes.
I thought it was interesting that all the countries walked through the ring and it looked like Stargate.
Then what was on the ground looked like a portal.
It looked like a hypnotic wheel.
It looked very hypnotic to me.
If you look at it while it spins, they kept focusing on the center of it and they had those whatever those things were running around.
As we see the closing ceremony in two weeks, I'm curious to see what happens.
The 250 years...
and President Trump calling for that prayer breakfast on May 17th to have a National Day of Prayer and rededication of the nation of America back to God, calling this one nation under God.
He's in that valley of decision.
You know what's been interesting, y'all?
I'll tell you this before we go to pray.
The Lord said to me privately, 'You're going to start to walk in a different type of gift; it is going to start to change a little bit on your life for healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of glory.
' As I've been going along, I'll be walking by somebody and the Lord will download and tell me immediately what they're going through and how they're overcoming in their body.
Or somebody asks me for prayer and I'll touch them, and the Lord will show me more about what's going on deeper in their body, in their hearts, and all kinds of things.
It's been very interesting, and unless I'm underneath that anointing and that cloak comes on me—as I said, if it's not there, it's not there—I don't use him; he uses me.
I've said that just like Kathryn Kuhlman said it a thousand times: 'I don't use him; he uses me.
' Even in this video, I'm just waiting on him.
I'll wait on the glory.
I wait on the presence of the Lord.
But it's been interesting; it will come on like a light switch when I'm just walking by and the Lord says, 'That person right there can't sleep at night.
Pray for them.
' And I go, 'What?
Really?
' So I say, and they go, 'That's exactly right.
' And it's happening, and it's been interesting.
As I have gone through the last couple of weeks, it's increasing, and it's not that I turn it on, but when it turns on by the Holy Ghost, he just tells me things.
It's been interesting how it's been evolving—I hate to even use the word 'evolving' because that's not a good word—going from glory to glory.
That's a better word; it's going from glory to glory, and it's been amazing to watch the hand of the Lord concerning things.
Even as I was saying, there was a lady sitting where we were attending church.
She was an elderly woman, and I was clear across the auditorium, and the Lord said, 'Do you see that lady?
I want you to give her a word after church service.
' He said, 'Tell her her bones are going to get stronger,' and gave details about her personal health and all this stuff.
So I was walking out of the church service because I was trying to get out quick, and the Lord said, 'You didn't do what I told you to do.
' I said, 'What did you tell me to do?
Oh yeah, the lady.
' So I ran over there and I said, 'The Lord told me to tell you...
' She goes, 'I got a bad doctor's report concerning my bones on Friday.
' She goes, 'Wow.
' It was to reverse the curse.
You understand?
The doctor had a bad report, but God had a better one.
You're going to live long and finish strong, and your bones are going to get stronger.
Things are going to start happening to your health.
There was more to the word, but that's not for the public.
I thought it was interesting how the gift of the Lord that he's put on me started to change.
As we see in these last days, he's going to use signs and wonders to really help the people.
I truly believe we're entering into a time of the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
But he wants us all strong.
He wants us the whole man—spiritually, physically, mentally, emotionally, financially—the whole man, so that we finish strong.
Right now, there's not been a lot of stuff I've seen, especially in America, with creative miracles and things like that.
So I'm believing God for the beginning stages of what he said to me since I've been a kid: creative miracles, healings, and signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
So it's exciting.
I'm excited to see first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
I believe we're starting to see some fruit of this.
And that's why I wanted to tell y'all I was excited about it.
So all glory to God.
All that we say in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
And so we've been listening to Kathryn Kuhlman and listening to our faith teachings, stirring ourselves up and seeking him during this time.
I'm just thankful that you all show up and want to pray with me.
That's what I had for you.
I try not to make the videos redundant.
I look back at some of the old videos I've done and criticize my own videos, but I want it to always be a place of refreshing, that we're not making a video just to make a video, but that this is a place where you can come and get a drink spiritually—get refreshed for your week, for your day, for your hour, or whatever you're going through—and just walk away and say, 'Man, I feel better about my life today.
Not by what Brandon did, but by the Holy Spirit leading us.
' I'm so thankful that he would use us in these last days.
That's why I told Braden—we've gone over our videos a lot this last week—did it attract, whenever it was accurate about the Olympics, to Jesus or did it attract to us?
I always want to deflect.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of him and not of us.
Regardless of what you see and what we say or whatever is on the news, it's always to give God glory.
I need you to know that over and over again.
This is about Brandon decreasing and the Holy Spirit increasing, so that you realize he wants to do something amazing in your life.
Every single time I come on here, it's always to lead you to Jesus and to the cross, to tell you that God loves you and has a plan for your life.
It's not about how Brandon has this or that.
I'm telling you, if you realize how much I deal with my own stuff—and I'm sure there's a lot of you who go, 'Yeah, we can see it'—whatever, I just want to let you all know that we're all a work in progress.
I'm so grateful.
I take this time and just dedicate it to him.
I go back to what was the fruit of the channel in the first place.
What did he tell us to do?
Teach people to pray.
Pray with the people.
Tell them something encouraging.
Teach them about anointing their house with oil.
Teach them that there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
You know, how much can I relay to you where we are in these end times?
To yell at the top of my lungs that Jesus Christ is coming.
As you see the signs of the times in the fig tree right now, all around you, my goodness, folks, wake up and look around us.
The signs of the times are accelerating at such a rapid pace, it's almost hard for me to believe.
And I'm the one telling you it's coming; it shocked me and my wife and my kids.
Another thing I thought was interesting: do you remember I said I saw the three going down the mountain?
Lindsey Vonn fell and broke her leg.
Her number was 13.
I didn't see the 13; I saw a three, and it was purple, and I saw it on the downhill.
I said something will happen going downhill.
I saw her number is 13 on her outfits.
But I saw the number three, and the Lord kept talking to me about February and these things, and I knew it had something to do with the Olympics.
I hear in part and see in part, and I've learned not to add to or take away from anything.
But whenever I'm talking to you, I try to work it out in my mind.
What did we see?
Number three, we saw this 13, the skiing down the hill, and then that girl had to be medically evacuated because she messed her leg up so bad.
And I thought that's kind of interesting, you know?
I don't know.
Where are we with all that?
I pray over these things and like I said, I go down these trails with things and pray.
I heard one prophetic person talk about Candace Owens and the things about her opening doors.
There are so many different things that we've heard over the last year or two years, and you start to see them in the news.
It's happening so quickly that after a while you go, 'Does anybody else see how quickly things are happening and escalating with wars and rumors of wars, the plagues, and things happening?
' The biolabs in Nevada with all the stuff, where he was injecting stuff with mice and doing all the things he was doing, and I thought, 'Where have we heard this for biolabs?
The Lord's told us about biolabs.
' I just go, 'God, I'm so thankful that you would want to talk to me and tell us what's coming regardless of what we see right now.
' It kind of makes your flesh squirm a little bit, but I keep my eyes...
I listened to Kathryn Kuhlman today and she said, 'Don't focus on tomorrow.
Just focus on today, for tomorrow will overwhelm you.
You only have the anointing to get through today because God's given you and graced you for today.
Enjoy your wife.
Enjoy your husband.
Enjoy your kids.
Enjoy your grandkids.
Enjoy what God has given you in the moment.
' So, let's go tubing for a little bit.
We'll pray.
And if the Lord doesn't show us anything, I don't know if he will.
Like I said, I don't use him, he uses me.
So, let's pray and we'll just take communion.
I always like to do that with y'all.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for being here.
And let's take communion.
Let's pray and let's just seek him for everything that he has for us today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
Lord, we're so grateful that by your stripes we're healed.
You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we're healed.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you, Father.
And we thank you, Father, that we are in the last of the last days.
Father, we're looking up for our redemption draws nigh and we're healed and whole and well.
And as we start to flow in the end-time giftings, as we start to see the signs and wonders follow them that believe, we're so grateful.
I'm so excited, Father, for what we're about to see for healings and demonstrations and manifestations, raising of the dead, casting out devils, and seeing what you said—the Great Commission—walking in the fullness of it.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've given us.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have provided for us, for creative ideas to get wealth, teaching us to go from glory to glory.
Father, it's the love of money that's the root of all evil, not money itself; it's the love of it.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bless us in the city and the field, coming in and going out.
Father, everything we put our hands to will prosper today, and we lack no good thing.
Give us creative ideas.
Give us favor where there was no favor.
Open doors that would never open unless you touched it, and close doors if we're trying to open the wrong one.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of you concerning buying houses, concerning land, concerning all of it—that we always are in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what we're supposed to do for the end-time harvest.
Father, I take this body in the name of Jesus.
We lift it up before you, and we thank you, Father, for what you did for us in Jesus' name.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood.
We apply the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
I apply the blood in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
And Father, I thank you that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about us, that they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
I thank you, Father, that we have eyes to see what the Holy Spirit's wanting to show us.
We hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
The greater one lives on the inside of us.
We apply the blood; as he is, so are we in this world.
And we take the blood right now.
And we thank you, Lord.
We make much of that blood.
Amen and amen.
Do you believe it?
Thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father.
The signs will follow them that believe.
We believe.
We're believing believers and we're not doubters.
We're overcomers and we thank you, Lord.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
The blood, Father.
We make much of the blood today.
It never loses its power.
We thank you, Lord, that it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day, it will never lose its power.
Only believe.
All things are possible.
Lord, I believe.
I see something.
Only believe; all things are possible when you only believe.
Lord, I believe.
All things are possible.
Only believe.
All things are possible when you only believe.
Rise and be healed in the name of Jesus.
Let faith arise in your soul.
It's interesting when I was singing that just a second ago, I saw the Mabee Center with a cloud around it.
And I saw a cloud that looked like a donut with a hole in the middle of it.
But it was a cloud that was a Shekinah glory cloud that was resting on the Mabee Center again.
It looked like it had lightning in it, but it was pink and purple like a sunset.
And inside of this cloud was thick, like I said, it looked like a side of a donut.
But inside of the center of this, it went around the whole Mabee Center.
And in the middle of it was a complete void with a cloud wrapped around.
And it was resting on the building.
And you can feel the glory looking at it.
As I was singing that song, 'Only Believe,' and I thought, 'This will be a sign, won't it, Lord?
This will be a sign when this manifests on the building just right above the atmosphere above it.
People will take pictures of it, won't they?
' Healings and demonstrations and manifestations.
The old wells of revival are coming uncapped.
Oral Roberts' tent meeting healing anointing is coming back but through different people this time.
Oh Lord, I want to be used.
I'll help you.
Only believe.
All things are possible.
There'll be angelic visitations when this happens.
And you'll hear the sound of the wings in the auditorium as they blow.
They'll flap their wings and the presence of the Lord will bring in an ushering of a mighty rushing wind.
As the angels of the Lord, I see them all around in a circle.
I see them flapping their wings, and as they clasp them together, the wings of the angels of the Lord are flapping.
They're touching, but when they touch, it makes a sound like a clap, as if you would clap your hands; their wings are clapping.
They're swinging like this, and when they do, they're creating a wind of the spirit all throughout the auditorium—a sound of a mighty rushing wind.
When it does, it will swirl in the atmosphere and it will actually blow people's hair.
I've seen this before; it will blow their hair.
When you see people falling down, they're clapping their wings.
But remember whenever I say I saw the wind of the spirit moving their hair as a whirlwind on the individuals—instead of all these people falling down and you see them fall out in the glory, not knowing if it's a courtesy fall or not—I see a whirlwind whipping people and even the women's hair again.
I see it again.
It will be as the angels are moving their wings and clapping them together, and the glory of the Lord is going to fill the house and the auditorium with the glory of the Lord.
And the Lord said, "I will visit the auditoriums, these mega auditoriums like the Mabee Center Center and other facilities of sporting events—the glory events—but I will fill the churches and the Shekinah glory will come like gold dust on their skin.
It will be not something that they've imitated or that is artificial or fake, but this will be a real sign of my glory, bringing the residue of the anointing of the Holy Ghost upon the people.
There has been authentic in the past, but there have been copycats too that are fake, but you will see a great manifestation of the glory on people's skin like shining gold, almost like glitter.
I'm looking at the church again.
I see the church in Minnesota, Living Word.
He's about to do something major in Living Word with the new pastor, and even with the younger people.
I see a major revival that has been cultivated in prayer.
The Lord is about to lift the veil, and all the hindrances in the spirit are being removed.
You say, 'Well, why haven't we seen it yet?
' It's like a curtain before a show begins—whenever you go and see the Nutcracker or a play, you see the curtain lifted back and it's about to begin.
I don't know how else to describe it, but it's thick and it's beautiful and it's red and it has gold at the bottom.
In this, a major move of God is about to hit the churches and it'll be his last call.
This is my last call.
This is the goodness of God that brings men to repentance, for I am giving one last call, and the greatest demonstration and manifestation of my glory will be upon the auditorium of great cultivation of prayer.
For behold, I will do a new thing, and there will be oil on the people—droplets—not fake things that people try to do as a gimmick, but there will be true droplets of oil.
I hear droplets of rain out of nowhere.
There will be Holy Ghost oil on people's skin and their hair.
Like someone taking a leaf or a tree that has a lot of rain in it and shaking a bush, and the droplets come down—this is what it's like.
It will be on their skin, their body, and their clothes.
The glory and the healing power of the Lord will be there, and it will smell like a fragrance from heaven.
The oil will have its own fragrance, like the Rose of Sharon.
I smell the fragrance of the glory of honeysuckle.
They'll be trying to scrape it off their skin to bottle it, and there'll be flakes of gold dust in it.
I see it by the spirit of God right now.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to visit the auditoriums.
I'm going to visit the people.
I'm going to visit them in the streets, in the schools, and in your car.
' You'll be driving down the road and the glory of the Lord will surround your car.
Those that are around, even at the stoplights, will see and experience the glory as you pull up.
The glory of the Lord will radiate out of your car into the windows of those around you.
A sweet fragrance will fill the atmosphere even at the stoplights.
People will see that God is good and God is love and that he's come to set the captives free.
Even in this modern day where sin abounds, grace does much more abound.
You're about to see the glorious church rise.
As you're worshiping in your car, it'll feel like glorious clouds in your car.
You'll be driving down the road and the glory will come out and people will say, 'What is that?
' It's the glory.
You'll be in the park having a church service and the glory will fall; people will be lying out all over the place.
Ask me and I'll do it.
Nothing is off the table.
Ask me according to my word and I'll do it—healings, creative miracles.
Unusual things.
You're looking just for the blinded eyes, but I will do exceedingly abundantly above all you dare ask or think.
Ask me for it.
Signs will follow them that believe: creative miracles.
The glory is here.
As you speak it, it will manifest in front of your face.
As you decree it out of your mouth, it will manifest.
The Lord says today, 'Say it and believe me for bigger.
' It will line up with my word.
Don't get off into Flakyville.
It lines up with my word.
He said, 'Clarify that.
' You say, 'I'm believing for a car; I'm going to speak a Ferrari in front of my face and it's going to be there.
' Don't be disrespectful.
I'm talking about creative miracles, demonstrations of the glory.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Heavenly sounds of worship.
You're going to hear angels sing with you as you're in the services.
I will allow you to hear into the next realm.
As you are singing, the atmosphere will change and the glory of the Lord will fill it.
I will allow your ears to hear the angel choirs singing with you and the saints, the great cloud of witnesses, the sound of worship from heaven.
As the glory fills, you will literally hear and feel as on earth as it is in heaven.
You'll hear the sound of heaven on earth.
You'll feel the atmosphere shift.
The glory of the Lord will fill your house, the glory of the Lord will fill the temple, the glory of the Lord will fill the school, and you will know.
You will taste and see that the Lord is good.
Nothing is off-limits concerning healing.
Do you understand creative miracles?
That's more than a healing.
A healing is amazing, but creative miracles are creative signs and wonders.
Some people say, 'Well, I believe for healing,' but you need a miracle.
To see an arm grow back is a miracle; that's not a healing.
To have a brand new heart, new body parts, new things.
Do not become familiar with the glory to the point where you take it for granted and say, 'Oh, it's just another glorious service.
' Oh, who cares?
Honor it and respect it as a treasure.
Treasure it with great honor and great glory.
Oh Father, we worship you for even the hangnail being healed.
We give you praise for the thumbnail being healed.
We give you praise for that's what it was in Azusa Street.
I'm telling you, Azusa Street doesn't have nothing on what we're about to see.
Azusa Street was nothing compared to what we're about to see.
I'm telling you—you think porcelain veneers are all—they've got rotted teeth.
God's going to restore their teeth, grow new teeth in their heads, noses that were eaten up by drug abuse restored back on their faces.
You think rhinoplasty?
God has better rhinoplasty than anybody you could ever imagine.
Pop new ears, new eyes, new whatever you've got.
I'm telling you by the spirit of God, it's time to believe him for bigger.
Ask me for big.
Oh Father, we thank you Lord for the glory.
Thank you, Father, for the manifestations.
I see the churches, Father.
I see the tents.
There have been so many Pharisees that have tried to hold it back.
So many legalistic Pharisees in the church that will try to hold it back.
I will deal with the false religion.
I will deal with the self-righteous.
That's what he said: 'It's a stench to me.
' It's a stench to him.
Self-righteous.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Shake in the church, Father.
Shake in the church.
The glory of the Lord is rising.
Let the glory of the Lord rise among us.
Let it rise.
Oh, let it rise.
Let the praises of the King rise among us.
This is going to be a lot of fun.
Braden, you won't want to go home.
You know, heaven on earth.
Services that won't let out—services that will last 24 hours, seven days a week.
You're going to have the right staff to do it, where the glory fills the auditorium and you just have people in the glory.
They come in and they're just getting refreshed.
They're getting touched from the Holy Ghost and they go out and dump it on the world.
It's not to contain it and dam it up inside of you and go, 'Oh, it's mine.
' No, he's going to fill you up so that you can just dump it out over in Walmart and they'll go, 'What is on you?
' It's the glory.
I remember hearing about a man getting his haircut in the barbershop, and a man walked in and said, 'What's on you?
' He had just come out of a glorious service and the glory of God was on him; he was glowing with the glory.
The man got saved, got right with the Lord.
It wasn't about him; it was what he was carrying.
And as we go into these services, we'll go out to the workplaces and to wherever and people are going to see it on us and they're going to say, 'What is it?
' 'Come with me, I'll show you.
' It's just the glory.
It's the glory.
The Lord has need of you.
The Lord has an appointment with you.
And there'll be translations.
And I'm going to start taking more people to heaven and giving them back the testimony of what you're about to see as a witness of what's on the other side waiting for thee.
I will allow people to have glimpses of hell and tell what you can avoid if you come unto me.
I see them having a revelation—I don't call it a visitation but a revelation—like going and you see it and you have an account of what's going on down there.
You'll have visions and you'll be able to see it and give an account to say, 'Listen, God does not want you to go there.
You've got to repent.
' It will shake them, and there will be non-believing Christians having a Road to Damascus experience.
And when they do, they'll run to churches, the hard cases.
They'll have glimpses.
Muslims and Buddhists will have glimpses of hell and say, 'I need Jesus.
I need to be saved.
' Then you'll have people have visitations from heaven and they'll come back to tell about it more and more.
The Lord says, 'I'm going to do this more and more.
You're that close to looking beyond the veil.
' That's how close we are.
We're about to get out of here.
Signs and wonders, the glory.
Heaven on earth.
Tapping into heaven on earth.
Shaking the hardest cases.
Thank you, Father.
Even in Branson.
Even in the auditoriums in Branson, Missouri—in the theaters—the glory of the Lord in the theaters.
It'll grow even out of the theaters.
I see Billie's place.
And it will start to manifest at Prayer Mountain.
And you'll start to grow out of there.
And it'll be so much so that they can't hold the services in there.
And it's going to start going to the theaters.
I see Hannah again.
He's getting us in the position.
We're getting in position.
Are you ready?
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
He said, 'Are you ready for the demonstrations and the manifestations?
' Oh Father, we worship you.
Heaven on earth.
As I look at the Mabee Center, as I look at ORU, as I look at Victory across the street, as I look at these places, Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're ready.
The glory, Lord, the glory.
Certain places he's tried and tried and tried to get you ready, and you've been a dam.
Oh, we're ready.
You say a lot and you quote things because it's parroting.
You've parroted it a lot, but yet you've not prepared and cultivated an atmosphere to get it ready there.
And he'll bypass it to the ones that are prayerful, that had a prayer atmosphere ready for him, that have a yielded 'want to'.
'I want it.
I need it.
I desire to go higher with you' versus parroting what you've heard in books, parroting what you've heard in sermons before, in prophetic words.
It's easy to parrot it, but it's another thing to cultivate it and get ready.
Prepare the way of the Lord.
He's coming.
Prayer.
The seeds of prayer are at the altar, and they're springing forth much fruit.
Never look at a prayer as empty—that it never got heard by the Lord.
No, he brings them up and he remembers.
I saw him take the tears of the people who've prayed and he gathered them up and he brought them to him and he breathed them in.
Your prayers are precious before the Father.
I've seen it again.
He gathered them up, the tears of prayer, and he brought them up to him and he breathed them in.
Oh, how much he loves us.
Oh Father, we give you praise and glory.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
He said it again: 'You'll have to resist healing not to get healed.
' It will be as easy as breathing in air, tapping into the healing.
You'll have to say, 'I don't want it.
' You'll have to reject it.
That's how easy it is to be healed.
Do you hear me?
You'll reject it by just saying, 'I don't want it.
' It will be that tangible.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
He's going to work on the hardest of hearts, the hardest of cases.
I see even the dead being raised and they bring the dead—I'm talking about just being in the atmosphere.
It's going to raise them up.
Certain services will be known for certain things.
Certain people will carry certain things more than others.
I see certain things.
It's like when you go and say, 'Well, there's oil in this service.
There's wind in this service.
' Certain services will be known for certain things.
It's almost like what's on the menu?
A joy will empty—a Holy Ghost laughter again, a refreshing of Holy Ghost laughter.
There are so many sober, somber people who are just so rigid and cranky, and the Lord wants to revive the old wells.
It's like cultivating what used to be so refreshed and happy inside of you, but you've gotten so callous and cranky.
Just a refreshing on the people.
It's like when you see the wave come in and go back out.
A refreshing of the glory, a refreshing on the drinking of the Holy Spirit.
Just filling yourself up, you go out and tell the people about it and come back in days of heaven on earth.
You'll be like, 'Man, I don't even know what day of the week it is because I'm just so refreshed in the presence of God.
' And then the rapture of the church comes out of it.
It will be like the children of Israel; their garments didn't grow bad, their shoes stayed whole, and there was no feeble one among them.
They were all healed and whole as they walked out of Egypt.
This will be a sign and a wonder of what I will do to my bride in these last days, without spot or wrinkle, and the manifestations of the glory will be on her.
I'm bringing the bride to my side.
The dark's going to get darker, but the light will get lighter.
It's time to expect.
I'm cleaning my church right now from the wolves in sheep's clothing.
I'm cleansing the church right now as we speak.
1 Corinthians 5:5 is manifesting in you, and the full manifestation is happening in my churches, for judgment begins in my house first.
As you pour in the water, it brings all the other stuff to the surface.
It's cleansing, and a new wine and new wineskin are springing forth.
I'm bringing forth a new glory out of you.
From glory to glory, He's changing us into His likeness and image to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing me.
That's how it's going to go.
From glory to glory, we're just going to go out of here like that.
We're not leaving defeated; we're leaving glorious.
The church is leaving with its head held high—His church, the blood-bought, the redeemed.
Do you belong to Him?
Are you His?
Is He yours?
Does He know you?
You may know a lot about Him, but does He know you?
He's changing us into that glorious church.
That's what we're about to see.
I see it.
And what's interesting is it looks like spring months, summer months.
Oh Father, let it be this year.
Let it be now.
Lord, let us see and taste just a thimbleful.
Oh Lord, let us have some right now.
I don't know what the date is for the full manifestation to start, but Lord, let us have a preview, a sample.
Lord, let's start having samples in church.
I want to hear about it from the people in the comment section and the emails.
Let us have a taste of it.
Lord, let it be.
We've waited, Father, and I'm so excited about it.
Father, what's the first domino to fall?
I know You want this more than we do.
What's the mechanism to make it go?
How do we make it happen?
Is it just a Moed appointed time?
Lord, I want to see it so badly, and I know everyone watching wants to see it too.
Father, we press.
We want to see it in Bible colleges.
We know You want the unsaved more than we do.
Father, I thank You for President Trump.
Protect him.
Give him wisdom on the decisions he's making, that he's going from glory to glory.
Let the decisions he's making be led by You in the valley of decision all around him, in the name of Jesus.
Father, You put godly people all around him.
I thank You that those godly people are all around him right now.
Let him take no counsel from the ungodly concerning how he handles Iran.
Father, visit him in the midnight hour.
I thank You, Lord, for how he handles Cuba, North Korea, and all these different places.
Let him be led by Your Spirit in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Lord, that all those around him provide godly counsel, that he is protected, and that no weapon formed against him shall prosper.
Let him repent where he needs to.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
We call the economy to turn around.
We call protection as we see the signs follow them that believe from all over the world.
I call in the name of Jesus in Canada for a major move of God starting even this year for what Oral Roberts saw in the sky for a great wakeup call to manifest and fearful sights you will see that bring you to your knee.
We call forth going from glory to glory, that we pull ourselves up out of that 'woe is me' mentality, grab hold of what You have for us, and take the land in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Lord, that the revival starts with us and with the youth.
We call forth the youth to stir in the name of Jesus.
You told me, Father, that the devil came after the youth hard, but You are coming after them harder.
There will be a major revival through the youth and the colleges.
And we will see the greatest harvest of souls this generation has ever seen.
Shake Iran in the midnight hour.
Shake Iran.
Get rid of the Ayatollah Khamenei.
Shake this nation.
Shake America.
As we turn to being one nation under God, we call forth a mighty move and the sound of a mighty rushing wind over our nation again.
We will not be a goat nation; we will remain a sheep nation.
We call forth our pastors to preach repentance and holiness in the church again.
Behind the pews, there will be cloven tongues as of fire—the glorious church rising in this hour.
Father, on our pews and church benches, there will be fire on the altar and fire in the seats of the auditorium.
The glorious church will rise out of a seemingly lukewarm state and come up under a fire of the glorious gospel, and it will be spread throughout this world as a witness unto You.
And then the end will come.
I thank You, Father, that You're not done yet.
There's one more round.
We get our hearts right before You.
We repent of evil doing and of demonic open doors.
We shut the doors in the name of Jesus.
If you have sin in your life, repent before a holy God.
Repent, for the kingdom of God is at hand.
Oh God, do it again.
Oh God, visit this land one more time.
Do it again, Lord.
Move throughout Europe.
Move throughout Africa.
Move throughout South America and Asia.
Move throughout all of the Middle East.
Shake us once again, oh God.
Revive us again in our churches where we've become lukewarm.
Father, the greater the dryness, the greater the fire.
The greater the fire, the greater the glory.
Oh God, I thank you, Lord, that you visit the schools.
You visit us again.
Lord, when we do our National Day of Prayer in May, I call a Holy Ghost sound, the sound of a mighty rushing wind, as my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways.
Then we will hear from heaven, and you said you would heal our land.
I call forth a mighty rushing wind.
I call a mighty prayer revival.
For revival starts with us, that there will be a major red wave, Father—not of a political party, but Father, of the glory of God from sea to shining sea.
Shake our nation.
Shake our land.
Shake Canada.
Then a major revival brings forth out of that, olive press glorious word, the great glorious gospel all throughout Canada in Jesus' name.
All in Ireland, all in England, Iceland, Greenland—I don't care wherever it may be—the glory of the Lord is risen on me.
I thank you, Father.
We call forth healing and demonstrations of the glory on these people represented here today, on their marriages.
I call restoration of marriages.
I call fire back in the marriage, and that what they fell in love with before, Father, they'll stir it back up again.
It's the devil that comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but you said you come that we might have life and life more abundantly, even in our marriages.
We call refreshing in our marriages, refreshing in our children, joy in our homes, and peace that passes all understanding.
Satan, get your hands off of our homes.
The joy of the Lord is on our households.
The joy of the Lord is on our churches.
The joy is back in our homes and peace.
You believe it.
You've got to contend and say, 'I believe.
I receive.
You will not bring this on us anymore.
' We have healing in our homes.
We have deliverance in our homes.
We're full of joy in our homes.
Do you either believe it or you don't?
And I thank you, Father, that you shake Hollywood, that you shake the Super Bowls, you shake the Oscars, you shake the events that are coming.
You shake them, Father.
Bring people with a backbone like a crowbar and bring forth revival in the Kardashians and in Justin Bieber.
I don't just bring in Justin and Hailey; bring revival back in them.
Bring revival in Chris.
Bring revival in the people of Hollywood like Jelly Roll and all them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bring in a glory in them and that the light would be shining on their faces so much that there'll be no compromise.
I thank you, Father, that you'll use Mel Gibson and the movie The Passion of the Christ 2 that's coming out next year.
I thank you, Father.
Oh Lord, do it again.
The manifestations of the glory—I thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father.
Oh Lord, we thank you, Lord.
We put angels all around.
And we thank you, Father, for the angels of the Lord.
We thank you, Father, for the churches that are so ready.
They're just ready to bust; they're so full in anticipation.
The prayer level is up, and we have a glorious expectation, Father, for other things and healings.
Oh God, there are so many people that have been standing for so long for so many things, even like us.
I thank you, Lord, the expiration date is here now.
Father, you paid the price for us to walk in it today, not later.
Always looking for the future, always looking for tomorrow...
well, why not today?
Why not for the glory to fill your house today?
It's always coming, but why not today, Brandon?
Why not today for your miracle?
Why not have a glorious outpouring today in your car?
Not always, 'Well, it's coming in the sweet by and by, brother.
' I heard it.
Why not today?
Well, you know, I heard about it coming in the last days.
We're going to see a revival.
We keep talking about why not today?
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
I yield to the anointing of healing.
I yield to the healing evangelism anointing.
I yield to the anointing of a watcher.
I yield to the anointing of demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
I yield to everything God has for me.
I will lack no good thing.
My marriage will lack no good thing.
My finances will lack no good thing.
I yield to the anointing of being a good husband, a good father.
Say that.
Husbands: I yield to it; I'm anointed to be a good father.
I'm anointed to be a good husband.
I'm anointed to be a good leader of this house.
Wives: I'm anointed to be a good wife.
I'm anointed to be a good mother.
I'm anointed to be a good homemaker, or whatever God's called you.
I'm anointed.
I'm a single mother; I'm anointed to be a single mother for this season of my life.
Doesn't mean you have to always be.
Believe God for another spouse.
God will bring you somebody—widows, single moms, whatever.
I believe God that this is not your end; it's a new beginning.
God's a merciful God, and he wants you to have joy in your house.
Single parents, single fathers, single grandparents raising grandkids because the parents are in jail or whatever: joy in your house.
He'll give you your youth; it is renewed like the eagles, and you can finish this race strong raising these youngsters.
You're an elder and you're like, 'Man, I'm 70 years old.
I shouldn't be raising grandkids right now.
' Thank God for you.
Give them a second wind, Lord.
Give them strength to finish strong.
Don't let them be weary in well-doing, Father.
Give them a wind in their sail that they can do this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for godly men and women raising up godly children.
I thank you, Father, that you give them the grace to get the job done and the finances to get it done.
Stretch it, Father.
Give them abundant supply.
Pay off people's houses.
There's some people—Brandon, pray—believe God for me to pay off my house.
Our pastors are one of them.
Exceedingly abundantly above all that they dare ask or think.
Some people say, 'I've got 10 years on my mortgage.
' Let's believe God to pay it off.
Do you believe that?
I say we owe no man anything but to love him, to be completely debt-free—student loans, all credit card debt paid off.
No more high interest rates.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for this is the day for whatever we ask or think.
Oh Lord, we thank you that you're liberating the people of Iran right now as we speak.
You're liberating the people of Iran from the Ayatollah committee.
You're liberating the people of Iran from the tyrant government in Cuba and in all these—Father, for a major revival is going to break forth in Iran right now as we speak.
I see it.
A major revival breaking forth in Iran.
And people are weeping in the streets because they just got liberated.
Push the button; I can see it.
They're liberated.
They're free.
They're laying down their arms.
They're laying down things and they're saying, 'I just want a free tomorrow, a new tomorrow,' in Jesus' name.
It's a window for a window.
How does Ezekiel 38 and 39 come out?
A window is a window.
Doesn't mean they raise up because...
remember what the Lord said.
They've been in that way of thinking for so long; it's inside of them.
But it doesn't mean the church doesn't rise up and have a glorious movement.
They can have a window.
The window is not very big, but it's a window nevertheless.
And I believe God is able to go in and have a glory explosion right there.
And you're asking, 'How?
How?
' But God, He's merciful.
I thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We repent, Father, for having doubt and unbelief.
Forgive us, Father.
Forgive us, Father; that will never happen.
No, I believe, Father.
I believe, Lord; help my unbelief.
I believe, Lord, that you can do it again.
All throughout Canada, all throughout Australia.
Oh, help my unbelief, Lord.
That's what you have to say, you yourself.
Some of you go, 'Well, that never happened.
' No, I believe it.
They've been underneath that Iron Curtain and that tyrant government.
How much more for our brothers and sisters in Iran—the people that are Christians, the underground church in Iran—to have victory?
A window of this revival for the people there in North Korea, in these areas that have never had the freedoms that you and I take for granted every single day in America and, quite frankly, even in Australia.
You can go to church in Canada, Mexico; you go to church, but if they go to church, they'll lose their life.
They need revival, not serving a false god, but our God, our great God, Jehovah.
He wants that no one should perish, but all come to repentance.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Oh, Father, forgive us, Father, for being selfish.
Some go, 'Well, I believe, Lord.
I believe you can do it.
I believe, Father.
I believe you can do it, Lord.
' Oh, the glory of your presence, the healing power and the manifestation of your glory, Father.
Oh, Father, do it again.
Lord, all throughout Miami, all throughout Houston, all throughout Dallas, all throughout Phoenix, all throughout the East, all throughout this nation, God, Toronto, and British Columbia, Father, there's so many places that just need a fresh touch: LA, San Francisco.
My goodness, Lord, what would it be like to see a major move of God?
I can see it.
Father, do it again.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
As for me and my house, we will help you.
The glory, the glory, the glory, the glorious church rising, the glorious church, Father.
Oh Lord, the glory.
I see the cloud the size of a man's hand.
It's beginning to rain.
It's beginning to rain on your sons and your daughters.
He's promised to pour His spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
Thank you, Father.
It's beginning to rain, Lord.
I see the cloud.
We see a cloud the size of a man's hand.
The drought is over and a great mighty rushing rain, wind, refreshing is coming on the church.
Shake them, Father.
Shake them.
Wake them up.
It's time.
One last call.
One more push.
Oh, Father, we thank you for the glory of the Lord.
Father, for the glory, Father, we thank you.
Oh, Father, we give you praise, for Father, you want it more than what we do.
He wants it more than what you do.
You think, 'Well, how come he had to...?
' He wants it more than what you do.
Where is it at?
I believe.
Help my unbelief.
We get right before you.
We shut the doors that need to be shut, and we thank you, Lord, that you're opening the ones that need to be open.
We repent.
That's all I can think of.
We repent before a holy God.
Repent, Father.
Forgive us of our sins.
Cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus.
And Father, I thank you now that we've repented.
Father, we are joint heirs with Jesus Christ.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Isn't it amazing even how this video started today?
I wasn't expecting that, to see that above the baby center.
And all of a sudden, when I started praying, I thought, 'I wonder what he's going to do today.
' Every video is always so different, isn't it?
What does he want to say today?
He wants us to believe.
I thought it was so cool watching those drops of oil fall on people with the gold dust in it.
It was like pearl; when you see oil, it had pearl.
It had little pearls and it had gold all in it.
And as it was sprinkling on the people, it was leaving the residue of the gold and the pearl.
And it had a fragrance and it was coming out of the atmosphere, out of seemingly nowhere.
But as they were worshiping, the angels were singing in your ear—your natural ear could hear the worship from heaven.
But it wasn't just you or whoever; it was the whole auditorium filled with the whole glory.
You could hear them singing.
They were singing the songs in heaven and the people were singing along, and you could hear it all throughout the auditorium.
It was like a speaker, but it was open.
Your ears were opened to the great cloud of witnesses.
And I could see it happening.
I'm going to do something different with this revival that I've never done before.
Azusa had its time.
What I'm about to do will be something that will be exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
Heaven is going to invade earth.
Heaven is invading earth.
That's what you're going to see: on earth as it is in heaven.
A taste of the glory, but it will be something that's going to be wow.
I'm telling you, I saw healings, but it wasn't just about the healings; it was about the demonstrations of the glory in the atmosphere.
Heaven on earth, the peace, the fragrance, the things.
And I don't know how else to describe it to you.
Auditoriums that will change.
And I saw the angels clapping their hands, and as they did, a wind moved through the auditorium, and it was blowing a wind in the atmosphere and the air conditioner wasn't on.
You're asking, 'Is that a fan?
' No.
No eye has seen, nor ear has heard, nor entered into the heart of man the things that God has prepared for those that love him.
Watch what God is about to do.
The angels' wings—can you imagine that?
Your hair is blowing back.
You're saying, 'My hair is moving.
' I mean, even Braden's hair is moving.
You see, I'll feel it on my bald head.
Woo!
I feel something.
What?
Your clothes?
Yeah, my clothes will move.
The angel comes up there and just rubs it.
It's shining with the glory.
There it is.
Put a veil over the angel.
Touch it.
It starts to squeak.
It looks like Mr.
Clean's head.
Bing!
It's the glory beaming off of it.
I'll move around.
That'd be funny, wouldn't it?
Hallelujah.
We'll just have church all the time.
Some say, 'Well, just have church?
' I think you'll see Brandon fast a lot.
He'll be like, 'What did Brandon do?
' He lost a lot of weight because he didn't leave the church service.
He never ate.
He was in there.
I'll be like so skinny he comes out of there, they'll say, 'Was he on Ozempic?
' No, he's on the glory.
I'm not kidding.
I will never leave.
My kids are asleep in the pews.
I am not leaving when the glory of the Lord's in there.
The usher will be gone.
You're going to go home.
I'm saying, 'No, we're staying outside in the tent.
We're waiting for the next service to start.
' I'm so hungry.
And when you are that hungry, when you're desperate...
Blessed are those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they will be filled.
Blessed, oh Lord.
I thank you, Lord.
You're saying, 'I believe, God.
I believe, Father, that you're going to touch this generation for us, that we will taste and see in another level that the Lord is good.
' I already see his goodness and mercy all the time, but on another level: heaven on earth, walking in the glory with signs following them that believe.
Oh, Father, I believe.
Fill this house.
Fill the fragrance of the Lord in my home today.
Oh, fill us, Father.
And if they don't want to go, if people don't want to go higher around you, find people who do.
You'll find somebody.
Go to a church that wants it.
You know, you say, "Well, my church doesn't want it, Brandon.
I'm in a dried-up Baptist church and they don't have nothing.
" I talked to a girl.
She said, "I go to a Southern Baptist church and our church is so dry.
" Find a church that's on fire, or you take the fire to them.
You set the heart ablaze.
Maybe you're there to be the fire.
I don't know.
But all I know is that if it was me in my house, I'd find a church that's on fire.
I wouldn't sit around saying, "Well, I've been in this church for the last 30 years and I haven't given up hope.
" I would just say, "Hey, maybe it's time to replant.
Find some place to stir you up.
" I'm so thankful you come here, but I'm just saying I want to be a part of this end-time revival.
And I'm telling you, it's going to be in Branson.
It's going to be in Oklahoma.
It's going to be in little country churches where you go, "Why there?
" Because God is there.
And the prayer has been cultivated there for years in the most unlikely places, little bitty towns.
You're going to go, "Really?
This little town?
" Watch what the Lord does.
I just want to be a part of it.
Me and my wife and my children, we will be.
And I pray you will be, too.
So, I pray this video blessed you today.
It blessed us.
It blessed me.
I feel refreshed.
I don't know if you do, but I pray it went through the camera.
Braden, you feel refreshed.
I feel a little bit of Holy Ghost drunk on me.
I feel the glory, the heaviness of the glory in my house right now.
It's on me.
It's on my arms.
I start going, "Whoa, I love it.
" Oh, the glory.
It weighs heavy on your flesh.
It makes my arms feel like jello and your whole insides.
Isn't it amazing what it does to your flesh?
When we get our glorified bodies, it will be wonderful.
Oh, the glory.
I love your presence.
Oh Father, all the glory.
Thank you, Father, that they sleep soundly.
Many of you don't get restful sleep at night, and the Lord wants you to sleep well.
Taste and see that the Lord is good.
I break insomnia in Jesus' name.
The Lord said, "Take authority over insomnia.
Go now, in Jesus' name, insomnia.
" And we call restful, peaceful sleep over His beloved, so that when they put their head on the pillow, it's uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
No more torment, Father.
Let them rest in good, sound sleep in the name of Jesus.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
New TV equipment and new stuff for broadcasting what's about to take place.
Believe big so you can document it for YouTube and Facebook so they'll see the goodness of God.
Asbury was nothing compared to what I'm telling you all.
Oh, Father, do it again.
Refreshing.
We won't dishonor the glory.
We won't dishonor you.
We humble ourselves before you.
We will not dishonor the presence of God.
We honor you, Father.
We humble ourselves before a holy God.
On earth as it is in heaven.
Heaven on earth, Father.
And we say, "God, give us this day our daily bread.
" Thank you, Father, for the abundant blessing to get the job done, that we have overflow.
We call for the cryptos.
We call for things to turn around.
Father, you don't need to use that.
You could use whatever you want to.
You have a million and one ways to get us a million dollars.
You can do whatever you need to do.
People say we try to limit God—it has to be through this cryptocurrency, or this pink currency, or this precious metal.
And if you don't, Lord, you're limited.
God, if you could pay the Lord Jesus's taxes with a coin coming out of a fish's mouth, how much more could you do it again today?
How much more?
If the Lord could pay his taxes out of a coin from a fish's mouth, how much more could you use an angel?
How much more could you use even the neighbor's dog?
Who knows?
The neighbor's dog could dig it up out of the yard, an old ancient treasure, and set it on your porch.
You'd go, "Where'd that come from?
What is that?
That's a diamond!
" And the Lord says, "Surprise, surprise.
" God's a God of surprises.
Why not be like Gomer Pyle?
"Surprise, surprise!
" You know, it's the way you want to be.
Braden's laughing at me here.
Well, hallelujah.
We're so grateful for every one of you to be here today.
Thank you for being here.
We love y'all.
I'm expecting the best is yet to come.
I'll end it there.
We'll be back again.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
I'm feeling so drunk, Braden.
The glory is so heavy.
I can just feel it.
It's all over my stomach and my body.
I feel like I've run and am moving in slow motion.
It's absolutely incredible what it does to your flesh.
I feel it in my blood.
The glory comes on you.
Thank you, Lord.
I don't know if it goes through the camera or not, but I don't really care.
I needed to pray strength today, Lord.
I needed a fresh strength.
Thank you.
I'm not satisfied with this.
I want more.
Praise the Lord, y'all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.